Dynamic Multistore (#2112)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/202307.0/base-shop/dynamic-multistore-feature-overview.md

---
title: Dynamic Multistore
description: Dynamic Multistore lets you create and manage multiple online stores from the Back Office.
last_updated: July 31, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
---

The *Dynamic Multistore* feature lets you create and manage multiple online stores within the same region of the Back Office installation. It streamlines the setup and maintenance of distinct stores tailored to various customer segments, regions, or product categories. 

> In the following sections, you can learn more details about the capabilities of Dynamic Multistore.

Reviewer: What value does this sentence give?

Author: It just seemed right to add an intro sentence for the sections

## Creating a store

You can create a new store with a specified name. For this, in the Back Office, go to **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Stores** page and click **Create Store**. This functionality simplifies the process of adding new stores to the existing setup.

![creating-a-store](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/creating-a-store.png)

## Assigning locales

When creating a store, you can assign locales and specify a default one for this new store, which ensures that the store is accessible and user-friendly for different regions.

![assigning-locales](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/adding-locales.png)

## Adding currencies

The feature also allows the addition of currencies for the created store, ensuring that transactions can be conducted in various currencies as needed.

![adding-currencies](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/adding-currencies.png)

## Publishing and synchronizing

> When the new queue infrastructure is published, the store becomes visible on the storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the new queue infrastructure is published, the store becomes visible on the Storefront.
```

> ## Assigning products and prices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Assigning products and prices to stores
```

> You can assign products and their prices to a product using the Back Office UI or other methods of creating a new product in the system. This offers flexibility in managing the product catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign products and their prices to stores using the Back Office or other methods of creating products.
```

The following image shows how you can assign a product to an already existing store.

![store-relation](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/store-relation.png)

> The following demonstrates shows how you can assign a product price to a specific store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following shows how you can assign a product price to a specific store.
```

> ![product-prices](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/product-prices.png)

Reviewer: Is it just me or the picture doesn't show how to assign a price to a store?

Author: @andriitserkovnyi Not sure what you want me or @a-sabaa to do about it.

> ## Viewing the store on the storefront

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing the store on the Storefront
```

The newly created store is viewable on the storefront, complete with the assigned products and prices.

> The following example demonstrates the created store from the Back Office being in the store switcher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the store created in the Back Office being available in the store switcher on the Storefront.
```

> The following example demonstrates the created store from the Back Office being in the store switcher.

Reviewer: Once the store is published on the Storefront, customers can select it in the store switcher.

![store-switcher](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/store-switcher.png)

> The following images show that the assigned products to the newly created store are available on the storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product that was assigned to the store in [Assigning products and prices to stores](#assigning-products-and-prices-to-stores) is available in this store.
```

![search-suggestions](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/search-suggestions.png)

![assigned-product-searchable-in-the-storefront](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/assigned-product-searchable-in-the-storefront.png)
 
## Assigning CMS Pages

New stores can have CMS pages assigned, providing rich content experiences tailored to specific store needs.

> The following image shows the ability to assign a store to a specific CMS page to be shown on the storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMS pages are assigned to stores in the Back Office.
```

![assigning-a-cms-page-to-the-store](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/dynamic-multistore.md/assigning-a-cms-page-to-the-store.png)

> The assigned CMS page is shown on the selected "SECOND" store that is selected on the Storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When such a CMS page is published, it's only visible in the store it's assigned to.
```
